When you run tag, automatically give tags to words that are green. if yellow, give them the first, default tag (learning???)

when the user clicks confirm, put out a sequence of symbols #<tag># or something, parse the line for that thing, then assimiliate it into the thing and turn it green.
	- Should be implmented in FramedTest probably...
	- upon initial loading, if this charector sequence is found, either throw an error, or make it a feature.

do an export

if not everything is green, ask, are you sure you want to export?

dump the finished file...


2) changes to wordInfo()
	- make names for this feature chain more specific
	- make it go forwards or back until it hits ANY KIND of whitespace, not only space chars
	- eliminate the INSERT dude, create a new one based on CURSOR and use that.
	- Handle the clicked at the end, insert after bug.

3) Maybe have another window, listing all possible tags on the side? or have an option to have that window open? 

4) Make pronouns highlight with a very unobtrusive color. maybe a light grey?

5) have a "stat" option, that counts occurences, number of tags, types of tags, etc. Ideally, this should be extensible, so new tools can easily be added on. Maybe nltk stuff?

6) Do not allow free edits. Maybe have an option under tools, to open an "unlocked window" this seems like it could cause issues though.

7) icon bar? may make it look more professional, but tbh I think ours is a little bit more intuitive.

8) color, font, etc settings under an "options" tab

9) subtly color the background of the interviewer text.

10) This may already be implemented, but upon parsing, FORCE the format of interviewer, \n response \n

11) save meta information?

12) Have a left sidebar that shows name of interviewer and interviewee pointing to their responses, etc?

13) Include index validation before each run.
	- Need to be very careful when adding things to it, if you could display it as a tree, like a window folder picker, that might be cool...

14) "save session" find an efficient way to save tag information, highlighting information, etc.

15) Handle resizing gracefully

16) Handle е vs ё 

17) Give suggestions, based on words that are capitalized, but not in the index.

18) Create an icon, and put the name of the file being edited in the program title attribute

19) have an export as TSI option, which will open a prompt in which to fill in things that will send the file out as a TSI complient thing. Then, validate it against a schema.

20) FramedText currently slips words up at the end of lines, make them wrap neatly instead.

21) Flag certain words as problematic? e.g. Bruce Lee's last name, and the grammatical particle ли

22) Have an option to dim all but one type of tag, to better see and focus in on something.

23) Make odd numbered lines unclickable...

**AS A PARADIGM, Tag tags. it is not merely highlighting, it tags in a redable way, and then asks you for review.
